[OSDOCS#18229]: LVMS - Introduce StorageClass options (#111932)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/behaviors-not-controlled-by-storage-class-options.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/persistent_storage_local/persistent-storage-using-lvms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="behaviors-not-controlled-by-storage-class-options_{context}"]
= Behaviors not controlled by StorageClass options

[role="_abstract"]
Review these behaviors before you delete an LVMCluster. Although these behaviors relate to `storageClassOptions`, the `storageClassOptions` field does not control them.

Volume expansion behavior::

> Logical Volume Manager Storage (LVMS) always enables volume expansion by setting `allowVolumeExpansion: true` on generated `StorageClasses`. You cannot control this setting by using the `storageClassOptions` field. All LVMS volumes support online expansion.

Reviewer: Not 100% sure here because I'm not so familiar with the component, but I see StorageClasses without backticks being used in our docs EXCEPT when it's referring to it as an object--in which case, it's "`StorageClass` object or resource". So either remove the backticks (likely this), or change it to singular and add a noun. e.g., `StorageClass` object/resource: 

In general we try to use a noun after an object: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

```suggestion
Logical Volume Manager Storage (LVMS) always enables volume expansion by setting `allowVolumeExpansion: true` on generated `StorageClass` objects. You cannot control this setting by using the `storageClassOptions` field. All LVMS volumes support online expansion.
```

```suggestion
Logical Volume Manager Storage (LVMS) always enables volume expansion by setting `allowVolumeExpansion: true` on generated StorageClasses. You cannot control this setting by using the `storageClassOptions` field. All LVMS volumes support online expansion.
```

Author: I would like to use StorageClasses without backticks.

VolumeSnapshotClass management::

> The `storageClassOptions` field only affects `StorageClasses`. When you configure thin provisioning, LVMS generates a `VolumeSnapshotClass` for each device class. This generated class always uses a fixed value `deletionPolicy: Delete`, regardless of the reclaimPolicy that you set in `storageClassOptions`.

Reviewer: Same thoughts here.

> Additionally, LVMS does not apply the `additionalParameters` and `additionalLabels` fields to `VolumeSnapshotClasses`. If you need to retain snapshot data, you must manage it separately from the `StorageClass` reclaim policy.

Reviewer: Check the formatting here in the preview -- it doesn't align with the definition list and I'm not sure if that's intentional: https://111932--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/storage/persistent_storage_local/persistent-storage-using-lvms.html#storageclass-options_logical-volume-manager-storage

Default StorageClass annotation behavior::
The default field on a device class controls the `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class` annotation on the generated `StorageClass`.

> Setting `default: true` does not guarantee that the LVMS `StorageClass` becomes the cluster default. If another default `StorageClass` already exists on the cluster, for example, gp3-csi on AWS-based {product-title} clusters, LVMS sets the annotation to `false` to prevent many cluster-wide defaults. Because the Operator actively manages this annotation, it reverts any manual, out-of-band changes during the next reconciliation loop.

Reviewer: Same thoughts here https://111932--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/storage/persistent_storage_local/persistent-storage-using-lvms.html#storageclass-options_logical-volume-manager-storage
